IfcSensor Rail Import BIMQ 2021-07-21T06:58:03.5846183Z (#165)
bSI-InfraRoom/IFC-Specification: IFC4x3/Properties/w/WindDirectionRange_1DH_IenR1EWgR3G1pApMRJ/Documentation.md

> Indicate the range of wind direction the sensor can monitor.

Reviewer: Since the datatype is an angle, I would propose WindAngleRange and
```suggestion
Indicates the wind angle range the sensor can monitor.
```

Reviewer 2: Resolved: https://github.com/bSI-InfraRoom/IFC-Specification/pull/165/commits/1e8b0740cc2e7e000d58ef2f240b7e5a49640ee9

> Indicate the range of wind direction the anemometrograph can monitor.

Reviewer 3: Generalize?

Reviewer 2: Generalized the description and changed name to WindAngleRange as @SergejMuhic suggested: https://github.com/bSI-InfraRoom/IFC-Specification/pull/165/commits/1e8b0740cc2e7e000d58ef2f240b7e5a49640ee9
